I'm so sorry yeah it's not so much you
you were fat you had your own problems
but you what a bitch you know be that as
it may do you think you just help us out
here on that monkey thing you know just
for old times sake go Bobcats I could
but I won't
if I find that monkey it's mine
[Music]
hi can I help you
we're kind of having an emergency and we
were looking for something a monkey yes
have you seen any no no haven't seen a
monkey do you know anything about fixing
radiators sure sure
did you on did you try turning the knob
back the other way of course
- its Robin here oh no way we wouldn't
need wait um we may not know anything
about radiators per se but we do have a
certain amount of expertise in the
heating and cooling milieu aren't we
kind of in the middle of something here
yes but these women are very hot and
they need our help and they're very hot
we can't all right we're sorry you have
no idea how sorry but we promised we'd
find this monkey if you see him he's
about yay high and answers to the name
Marcel so if we could get some pictures
of you you'd really be helping us out
[Applause]
okay from now on you don't get to talk
to other people what brushed up against
my right leg what is it oh oh it's okay
it was just my left leg what are you
gonna do just a small tranquilizer
[Music]
this is ridiculous we've been all over
the neighborhood he's gone he's just
gone oh come on it's cold it's dark he
doesn't know the village now I have a
broken foot
oh no monkey and a broken foot thank you
very much ruff you know I've said I'm
sorry like a million times what do you
mean oh yeah you know now that you kick
the sign hang I don't miss Marcel
anymore
[Music]
no no no no this is just vintage Rachel
I mean things just sort of happen around
you I mean they're often Rachel land
doing your Rachel thing totally
oblivious to people's monkeys or other
people's feelings I don't even want to
hear it though are you oh yeah well I
forgot it okay what what what